This random addition to the story involves Stratus and Lunis's encounter of the Developmental Psychologist, who is a more specific version of the 'Archiver' that was proposed early during the character brainstorming process - the Archivers of the Latent Space are collectively termed beings that symbolizes the innate human tendency to inductively group discrete events or things into concepts - various scholars, including mathematicians, scientists, philosophers, psychologists of broad topics would fall into this category. This particular spirit, the character that symbolizes judgements and evaluations from adults children are exposed to in early phases - I concretize him to be related to developmental psychology theories by Sigmund Freud, one of the earliest well-known figure that is often controversial for his proposements of rather bizarre theories, but still praised for his historical importance in development of many modern psychology concepts. The encounter scene, being early in game would be more light-hearted than its successors:

"But what brings you here again, son? With your little girlfriend companion next to you-"  the Archiver, leaning on a library ladder reogranizing his books, enquired Lunis after giving him a brief glance, in a laid back, elegant manner. The tall ladder the Archiver leans on magically slides through the spanning archives horizontally, while heightening and detracting in height - allowing him to access the books he aims to reorganize swiftly. "I am NOT your son-" "and she is just my friend, NOT a girlfriend or anything-" asserts Lunis, his body straightening up with annoyance he normally doesn't portray. Something indicates that there has been a not-so-friendly relationship between the two, even if in a non-equal position, the Archiver is an adult several times taller than both Stratus and Lunis, who still possess the minds of innocent children. "Really? You make a nice pair. " the Archiver seemed to be mocking Lunis without much effort, to which Lunis glimpsed at Stratus slightly nervous that she would Vector2I out to refute in a degree more than he did. 

("I am his friend.") -> Lunis repeated her, "Yeah, she is my friend." glaring at the Archiver as if he was an upset boy looking rebelliously towards his father.
("I am his girlfriend.") -> was what Stratus said, however, to Lunis's bewilderment, to which he made a cute puzzled expression that Stratus enjoyed. She wouldn't get a subtle opportunity to tease him in such way every day.
("I am his boyfriend.") -> "Yeah, they are... my boyfriend?" Lunis glanced at Stratus confusingly realizing that he has never asked their pronouns before. He whispered to them innocently 'I didn't know you were a boy, Stratus, maybe we can go to the same bathhouse together later, that might be fun!'

The Archiver, unimpressed, continues to evaluates his archivers, until several seconds later, when he seemed to decide to give the duo a little more attention. "Lunis, son, you are the one that I can predict your every actions, you've been fully analyzed and is explainable with my theories, yes, 'I am not your son', I knew you would Vector2I that out in that very moment also." He said, blocking Lunis's words as he said the exact same words at the moment. "However, the young lady you brought together with - is not quite expectable for me at the moment. The female mind remains mostly unexplained, I cannot escape the notion that their super-ego is formed quite differently from what we know despite the lengthy researches conducted throughout my decades of archiving." 

The character of Lunis we talked about was the Pleaser, who was based on some childrens' tendency to appear soft and kind to match others' expectations and to earn love, the Good Kid Syndrome. Even if he is seemingly confronting the Developmental Psychologist (mentioned the Archiver here as he is the only Archiver introduced to the story at this Vector2I), it wouldn't be fitting so much to his character to talk too much and confidently, especially when he is supposed to act shy infront of Stratus - it would be the best for Lunis to maintain the exact level of altitudes in speech - I would let them to be completely unchanged as they were in the first draft (plus the Archiver's first line so that it doesn't seem like Lunis is bringing up the girlfriend line first). Anyways, do you get the reference to Freud's claim that female mind is less theorized than that of male mind? In the story, the Developmental Psychologist also symbolizes as adult assessment on children, and some homages to Freud who mostly unregarded valuing females to males, this would be used in story to reflect that how male-dominated perspectives have often dismissed or misunderstood women, which even stretch to contemporary era, and via Stratus's actions, I would like to promote subtle feminism view of Ghibli films, that portray more emphasis on female leads, but not through direct comments and conflicts that Disney nowdays often portray which are often criticized for bringing backslashes towards feminism. The homage to Freud's claim in the Developmental Psychologist that females aren't well theorized also cam be used as a plot device that enables Stratus to act outside of his expectations, that might be used handy in further situations.