Stratus, filled with determination in her eyes, stomps across the twisting floors of the school complex. As she walks through, the environment subtly changes, windows fade and the amorphous corridors begin to widen, the empty corridors slowly being populated by transculent figures fading in, black, shadowy figures of students gathered together, each student with a big hackle spreading across their entire face, watching as Stratus passes through. She has understood enough Mia's anxieties, feeling herself growing up from all the encounters she had with various spirits, ignoring the shadowy figures that judgingly stare with no eyes, she marched to the direction where Mia's place is supposed to be linked to, through the branching corridors. 

A turn to the right, a turn to the left, go straight, turn right, right, then left - she can feel the miserable aura grow. At the dead end of the corridor, there it is - Mia's classroom. Stratus opens the door at once, but instead of the bullying scene that used to link her to Mia's space, there were darkness, that rapidly spreaded and permeated the remaining light around her environment, sucking her up. Immense darkness, pushing the boundaries of light away from her, Stratus, again fell into deep panic. Eternal nothingness. Something that is too large to be comprehended. Being infinitely small in that space. Assailing feeling of fear of mortality reseized her mind, ringing sounds growing so loud, consciousness started to fade as she closed her eyes.



...colorful and blurry outlines of geometric objects start to wobble into view, as white reclaims its place into Stratus's view, serving as a background for the dancing vibrant objects. Tingling sensation to her ears as she concentrate at each cheerful round polygon, the blue cylindar, red circle, the cyan triangle... she wakes up as she feels soft bed behind her back and blanket over her body. Shapes slowly fade out into de-existence as she opens her eyes, as the white background solidifies itself as a view of insides of a dome-like building, white, but with striped protruding details gathering to the center. A large robotic telescope stands in the center of the dome, this place is an observatory, Stratus notices.

"Finally awake?" A voice calls out, to which Stratus tries turns her head towards the voice, but the voice comes from all directions, thus her confusion. "I'm sorry, due to the echoes from the dome-" the voice says, as the robot arm supporting the telescope turns and lowers, a somewhat tall figure, sitting on a chair attatched under the telescope, comes into view. He has messy gray hair, looks to be around his teenage to early adult years. He descends from the seating, walks towards Stratus, as Stratus quickly raised her upper body sitting right on the bed in response. 
"Did you place me to this bed?" Stratus asks in confusion.
"Well, nah, you suddenly appeared lying on my bed by the time I was going to sleep last night. That's the only bed I have here so I had no choice but to stay awake through the night, watching for the stars." the teenager replied.
"Why is the bed in the middle of the observatory?" 
"Well, that way I can open the dome to gaze at stars at bed whenever I want to, and nothing prevents me from placing it right there", the stargazer shrugs, looking upwards the closed dome. 